Add new info about custom responder types (#15701)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/monitors/incident_management/incident_settings.md

*Single-Select*, *Multi-Select*, and *Number* custom fields are searchable facets in the [Incident Homepage][4] and [Incident Management Analytics][2] for easy filtering of incidents. *Number* fields are measures in Incident Management Analytics that can be graphed and visualized in [Dashboards][13] and [Notebooks][11].

### Responder types

<div class="alert alert-warning">
This feature is in open beta.
</div>

{{< img src="monitors/incidents/responder_types_settings.png" alt="The settings section dedicated to creating custom responder types" style="width:80%;">}}

The responder types settings provide you with the ability to create custom roles to [assign to your incident responders][16] and to specify if those roles are meant to be held by one person or multiple people per incident. These roles are unrelated to the [Role Based Access Control (RBAC)][15] system. Responder types allow your responders to understand what their responsibilities are in an incident based on the definitions of your own incident response process. By default there are two roles:

1. `Incident Commander` - The individual responsible for leading the response team 

> 2. `Responder` - An individual that actively contributes to investigating an incident and resolving its underlying issue

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. `Responder` - An individual that actively contributes to investigating an incident and resolving its underlying issues
```

> **Note:** Only `Incident Commander` appears in the Incident Settings so that you may customize its description. `Incident Commander` cannot be deleted as a responder type, nor can its name or status as a `One person role` be changed. The `Responder` role does not appear in the Incident Settings at all, due to it being a generic fallback role if a responder is not otherwise assigned a different role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** The `Incident Commander` responder type appears in Incident Settings so that you may customize its description. `Incident Commander` cannot be deleted as a responder type, nor can its name or status as a `One person role` be changed. The `Responder` role is a generic fallback role if a responder is not otherwise assigned a different role, and does not appear in Incident Settings.
```

> To create a custom Responder Type:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a custom responder type:
```

> 1. Click the **+ Add Responder Type** below the table

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click the **+ Add Responder Type** button below the table.
```

> 2. Give your new Responder Type a name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Give your new responder type a name.
```

> 3. Choose if the Responder Type is a `One person role` or a `Multi person role`. A `One person role` can only be held by a single person per incident, while a `Multi person role` can be held by an unlimited number of people per incident.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Choose if the responder type is a `One person role` or a `Multi person role`. A `One person role` can be held by a single person per incident, while a `Multi person role` can be held by an unlimited number of people per incident.
```

> 4. Give the Responder Type a description. This description appears in the UI for selecting a role to assign to your teammates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Give the responder type a description. This description appears in the UI for selecting a role to assign to your teammates.
```

> 5. Click **Save**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Click **Save**.
```
